Version 2.7:
    New user features:

       Monthly moon calendar now uses moon images.
       Also, both moon calendars now show "Blue
       Moons", using the common definition that
       a Blue Moon is the second full moon in a
       calendar month.

       Enlarged and re-arranged buttons on the
       "opts" page, for enhanced finger
       friendliness.

       Got rid of "stylus mode".   The program is
       always in finger mode now.   There was
       never a significant difference between the
       two modes anyway.

       The program now always saves configuration
       changes in nonvolatile memory.   This is
       the standard behavior for handheld
       applications.

    Bug Fixes:

       Build-related files completely redone so
       as to use GNU autotools properly.

       Program no longer crashes if run on a
       phone who's locale is set to a language
       which uses a comma for the decimal point.

       Improved handling of zoom gestures which
       originate in the panning area.   Before
       this fix, it was difficult or impossible
       to zoom an area near the horizon, because
       such a gesture would be interpreted as a
       "press" in the panning area, which would
       call up the azimuth compass.

       Removed the call to the popt library that
       parsed the command line arguments.   This
       caused problems, because not all Freerunner
       software stacks shipped with the popt
       library.   The program now parses its
       command line arguments with no call to any
       library.

       Fixed a bug which made it difficult to
       use the arrows at the bottom of the monthly
       moon calendar to change months.

Version 3.0 - Ported to Maemo 5

Maemo changes: Verion 3.0.8 to 3.0.9:

    New Features
       Application can now use the phone-derived
       position (either from cell tower coords
       or GPS)

       Added brief message on Symbol Key page about
       the magnitude brightness scale.

    Bug Fixes:

       Fixed Bugzilla bug 8434 - Localization
       problem.   setlocale() did not work in maemo
       to set LC_NUMERIC to "C".   Fixed with
       wrapper script /usr/share/orrery/orreryLaunch

       Fixed package short discription (it was
       pointlessly enclosed in <>.

Maemo changes: Version 3.0.9 to 3.1.2:

    New features:

       Added a menu option "Web Help Page" to open the
       wiki page automatically.

       Added a "Qick Tips" page

       Hildonized more of the menu options.

       One can now delete entries from the private locations
       file via the GUI.

    Bug fixes:

       Fixed bugzilla bug 8859.

       Rationalized when the "Save in Private Menu"
       button is shown.

       Got rid of a small memory leak that occured
       when new entries were added to the user's
       private locations menu.

       Private data now stored in $HOME/.orrery, so that
       it will not be deleted if the application is
       upgraded.

Maemo changes: Version 3.1.3 to 3.2.1:

    New features:

       Larger font text is used on several pages, improving
       readability.

       The positions of the Sun and Moon are shown on the
       azimuth compass if they are above the horizon.
       The Moon is not shown if it is so close to the Sun
       that the symbols would overlap.

    Bug fixes:

       Clear the azimuth compass mode when the display area
       receives an expose event.   This prevents the azimuth
       compass arrow from appearing on auxilary pages if
       the user is in az compass mode when another page is
       selected.

       Occasionally the Big Moon Calendar showed a single
       moon in a 22nd column (there should only be 21). This
       has been fixed.

       Fixed defective constellation file for "Ara"

Maemo changes: Version 3.2.1 to 3.2.3:

    New features:

       Added many more star names, and added code to prevent star
       names from being printed over each other.

       Added Bayer designations (Greek letter designations)
       for stars.

       Added a page showing various astronomical times, such as
       local solar time, etc.

       Added a page showing the analemma for the currently selected
       year.

       The starting times for each of the four seasons for the
       currently selected year are now shown on the "Sun and Moon"
       page.

       The current phone position is pre-loaded into the latitude
       and longitude picker widgets.   Similarly, the current UT
       is preloaded into the UT time picker widget.

    Bug fixes:

       Removed some unneeded calculations from the routine which
       plots the constellation stick figures.

       The screen is no longer periodically updated when the app is
       minimized (does not have focus).   This saves a little power.
